add testplans for crosswordpuzzle (#119)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/minigames/crosswordpuzzle-frontend/plans/u-crosswordpuzzle-3-finish-game.md

# Crosswordpuzzle finish game (`u.crosswordpuzzle-3`)

Version: v1.0, 2022-08-12, created test plan \
Author: Aaron Schmid

## Description

This use case verifies that the game can be finished.

## Precondition

A configuration has been stored in the backend and selected in the frontend.

## Postcondition

A modal is shown where you result is displayed.

## Typical procedure

1. Open the crossword-puzzle
2. Press the `start` button
3. Input the correct answers in the crosswordpuzzle
4. Press the `Evaluate` button

> 5. A modal is shown that says `Congratulations!` `Everything right!`

Reviewer: A modal? Not a toast?
```suggestion
5. A success message is shown
```

Author: After evaluationg a modal with the restart and the close button shows up, where the result is displayed.

## Alternative procedures
3.1 Input wrong answers in the crosswordpuzzle \
    3.1.1 Press the `Evaluate` button \

>     3.1.2 A modal is shown that says `Not the correct answers` `Maybe the next time`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3.1.2 A failure message is shown
```
